We've just seen an example of an execution steak, the process flow, you're starting to feel more comfortable.
I just want to do one more example with you because I thought, why not?
The more examples you can do, the more intuitive this was thought to be.
So let's get into it.
It's great a function called say hi.
And also, he does is first finds a name.
It's lovely.
But now what I'm wanting to do is I'm wanting to actually change this name.
It say the name equals the result of a function call, so that function calls update name.
And then only one thing to do is we're going to console log and we're going to use tempted to drills.
This is the name that has been executed.
And we're just going to insert name.
And we wouldn't be allowed to execute this function right now would get an error message because we've
tried to update name with a function to update name, but the JavaScript engine has no idea what that
is.
For example, if we try and execute it, we're going to get an error message saying update name is not
defined.
We know that.
So now let's define a function called date.
Name.
And we want to return and remember we have to use the return key word.
Did say John Doe or just don't, John.
Now, before execute, say, hi, I want you to tell me what you think the result will be and why.
Remember, we got a look at the execution context.
We got to look at the stack.
What's going to happen?
Let's start looking at it when we get to function, say, hi.
Nothing because we've learned declared dysfunction, we haven't executed anything yet.
So the forces going to skip over the whole function, it's going to go to the next function update name,
what's going to happen?
Nothing because it hasn't executed yet, but we're not execute.
Say, hi.
What's going to happen now?
That's right.
It's going to reach the same high function.
The new execution context will be created, then it's going to reach late name equally.
It's fun.
We good.
It's going to move on.
It's going to say name is going to be reassigned to update.
Now it's going to hit update name function.
It's going to now get pushed to the top of the stack.
That's going to be the one that's going to be executed by JavaScript.
Are you with me?
Great.
So it's going to reach that date name function and it's going to return the string John.
And that is going to be assigned to the variable name.
I hope this is starting to make sense.
And then, of course, when we console.log, it's going to use the updated name John.
And as a result, you can see on the screen, this is obviously a very simple example.
But once you start going through the process and start understanding the context in which this was executed,
how the stack works, it becomes a lot more fun and intuitive, and it makes coding just that much better.
It's move on.